find and replace: groundstate ->  ground state
Remove superfluous colons before equations
upright imaginary i
No spaces around em dashes
Define bohr radius at some point
Hidden variables:
   Include picture from KOALA talk of atoms not following the right trajectories

Sch\"rodinger - ensure umlauts everywhere

Check all references to bases have {} brackets around them: "the basis {|n>}"

Check Dirac deltas all upright

Check timestep deltas all upright

Capital letters for Section, Chapter, Table, Figure etc.

What's a zero energy resonance?

Wavefunctions must be continuous and smooth. First derivatives must be equal
at an interface. This is one way of reasoning as to why you get reflections
when the potential changes suddenly.

Ensure footnote markers are after punctuation
Ensure all integrals have a "\," before the "\dd"

Ensure all units are done with appropriate macro
Ensure all exponents are done with appropriate macro
Ensure all cross-references are done with appropriate macros
Ensure no duplicate bibliography items
Ensure all small caps are done using a macro?
Ensure all bras and kets are done with macros
Ensure all derivatives are done with macros
Ensure all texttt done with macros
Ensure delta t's are all before Hamiltonians in exponents
Ensure citation and credit is given to others for control system chapter, as it is adapted from the paper

Ensure all unitaries are of the form U(t_f, t_i)
Ensure all ordered products are written with descending indices and no time-ordering meta-operator

Be sure to comment in rk4ilip section on split-step methods being able to use arbitrary *linear*
operators if you really want them to, as per split-operator section
Make sure all unitaries have hats

Rewrite unitaries U(t_f, t_i)
Rewrite ordered products as a descending product so that we can get rid of the time ordering operator.

Put a tilde on top of the discrete spatial basis vectors so it's obvious that they are the discrete versions
Switch to 1D index for all the discrete basis functions? Add a line saying: "henceforth arbitrary dimension,
single index, because of that unwrapping?"

Change DFT2 to DFT in unitary subscripts

Define \psi_i and \tilde \psi i for wavefunction and fourier transform of discrete wavefunction, and operators
bold psi and bold psi tilde for vector representation in specific basis

yeah, start editing this section - print it tomorrow and edit

Seriously switch to single index, it's getting too complicated

Perhaps note that you can't project onto the discrete basis by an integral...can you?
No, I don't think  you can. Gotta do the projection in Fourier space or just use the value of
the wavefunction at the points

Get DOIs for all references that have them.

Ensure all acronyms are small caps

Cite the geometric integrator lincoln sent me an email about

Go through bibiolgraphy fixing everything

RK4 not stable for any timestep - really? Maybe only for nonlinear problems. 

Ctrl-f for "of course", "obviously", "simply",  "just" and consider removing